README.md, before:

# E-commerce Full Stack Project, Pleigns

Welcome to Pleigns! To visit my website, please go to [https://pleigns.onrender.com/](https://pleigns.onrender.com/).

This project is a full-stack application incorporating a RESTful API that I built to interact with the client.


## Authentication
I used Passport.js for user authentication. A user can create an account, sign in, add items to their cart, place an order by entering card information, and even delete a placed order.

## Database
I used PostgreSQL to build my database as it is what I'm most familiar with, and I consider it a key strength of mine. I ensured to create tables with different types of relationships, such as many-to-many and one-to-many.

This design allows me to efficiently and easily add and reference data from other tables.


## Hosting
I used Render to host the app. My server and API are hosted as a web service, and the frontend is hosted as a static website. The static site makes HTTP calls to my server, which returns the necessary responses.


## Code Architecture
Regarding code architecture, I chose the MVC (Model-View-Controller) design pattern. I wanted to challenge myself by using something new to me. I learned a lot to implement this pattern and ensure seamless communication between the view and the server.

Commit message:

update README with new website URL and add project description; remove unused view README

README.md, after:

# E-commerce Full Stack Project, Pleigns

Welcome to Pleigns! To visit my website, please go to [https://pleigns-api.onrender.com/](https://pleigns-api.onrender.com/).

This project is a full-stack application incorporating a RESTful API that I built to interact with the client.

It was built using the PERN stack. This was my most challenging yet rewarding project and I hope you enjoy!


## Authentication
I used Passport.js for user authentication. A user can create an account, sign in, add items to their cart, place an order by entering card information, and even delete a placed order.

## Database
I used PostgreSQL to build my database as it is what I'm most familiar with, and I consider it a key strength of mine. I ensured to create tables with different types of relationships, such as many-to-many and one-to-many.

This design allows me to efficiently and easily add and reference data from other tables.


## Hosting
I used Render to host the app. My server and API are hosted as a web service, and the frontend is hosted as a static website. The static site makes HTTP calls to my server, which returns the necessary responses.


## Code Architecture
Regarding code architecture, I chose the MVC (Model-View-Controller) design pattern. I wanted to challenge myself by using something new to me. I learned a lot to implement this pattern and ensure seamless communication between the view and the server.
